Mr. Long
You actually let Mr. Chen bring a bastard to be my sister
I'm feeding you out
The target is land warfare
What are you doing my sister?
I can see you're not lying.
It means he fell out with the land war
Not regular
Young people, don't rush
Give you a chance to perform
Take away smoothly
Gu Yun
Come to the party to open a room
I knew you were not a good person
No, it's also Mr. Chen
At the reception, there are all the daughters of major groups
How could he choose you?
I don't know.
Perhaps you have been here
My son is bewitched by you
He must be towards you
Obviously the cruelty and request of land warfare
What right do you have to talk about you here?
Your brother is really uneducated
Take my sister again and be rude to you.
I'm not a good person without respect
It's unfair that Xiao Rui shouldn't talk to you like this
I apologize to you for him.
Who set of pretentious women like you
You don't deserve to be around your son at all
I know I'm not your daughter
But I also have my own business
What part of me is not worthy of your son?
What part of you is not worthy of my son?
That is the president of Lu Enterprises